In React Native, you can set the app icon (also known as the launcher icon) for your mobile
application on both Android and iOS platforms. App icons are the first visual impression your users have of
your app, so it's essential to create attractive and recognizable icons. Here's how you can set the app icon
for both platforms:

    Android:

        1) Generate Icon Assets:

            Create icon assets for various screen densities (mdpi, hdpi, xhdpi, xxhdpi, xxxhdpi). These
icons should be square PNG images and should follow Android's icon size guidelines. You can use tools like
Android Asset Studio (https://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/icons-launcher.html) to generate these
assets in the required sizes.
        2) Place Icons in the Right Directories:

            Place each generated icon in the corresponding directory inside the android/app/src/main/res
folder. For example:
                mipmap-mdpi for mdpi
                mipmap-hdpi for hdpi
                mipmap-xhdpi for xhdpi
                mipmap-xxhdpi for xxhdpi
                mipmap-xxxhdpi for xxxhdpi
            3) Configure the Icon in AndroidManifest.xml:

                Open the android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml file.
                Find the <application> tag and add or update the android:icon attribute to reference the
app's launcher icon. For example:

                    <application
                      android:name=".MainApplication"
                      android:icon="@mipmap/ic_launcher"
                      ...
                Replace "@mipmap/ic_launcher" with the actual resource name of your launcher icon.
            4) Build the App:

                After making these changes, rebuild your Android app using the React Native build commands (e.g., react-native run-android).
    iOS:

        1) Generate Icon Assets:

            Create icon assets for iOS in various sizes. You can use a graphic design tool like Adobe
Photoshop or Sketch to create icons of the appropriate dimensions.
            Common iOS icon sizes include 1024x1024 pixels (App Store icon) and multiple sizes for the device
home screen (e.g., 180x180, 120x120, etc.).
        2) Add Icons to Xcode:

            Open your project in Xcode.
            In the Project Navigator, find the "Images.xcassets" folder.
            Inside "Images.xcassets," you will see an "AppIcon" asset catalog. Drag and drop your app icons
into the appropriate slots in the catalog for different device sizes.
        3) Update Info.plist:

            In Xcode, open your project's Info.plist file.
            Look for the "CFBundleIconName" key and set it to the name of the icon asset (e.g., "AppIcon").
        4) Build the App:

            After adding the icons and updating the Info.plist, you can build and run your iOS app using
Xcode or the command line (react-native run-ios).

